ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:AUSTRALIA HAS A lot to offer 
and a lot to lose, but that is not the only reason why it is winning. If you are from one of 
these rich countries and do not have any experience in economics, or other- 
ing matters, Singapore may be an excellent place to start. It will grow at a rate 
of about 7% a year by 2020. But there is a big risk that this growth could slow in 2021, thanks in part to 
the slowing economy and sluggish demand for goods. The best way to prepare is to diversify your trade 
locations. Some of those areas can help you find a business partner; others 
are already well prepared and employ people with knowledge of economics. Mr Lee has done so by persuading 
businesses to turn down local contracts as part of his strategy to stay ahead of 
the competition in Asia. He has also got them to believe he can navigate through China’s tricky market, which, if it were to work, could 
be dominated by foreign businesses rather than domestic ones. That could lead to a severe slowdown. Even when its banks 
grow fast enough, firms still face problems of scale. On July 31st Mr Lee promised to make the govern- 
ment take ownership of a company on which he had invested $2.5bn, to build an eco-system to 
eliminate pollution. In fact, some of the loans will give away money to finance new tech firms. 

But South Korea has proved hard to deal with. Over the past two decades it has been re- 
ported in four separate lawsuits alleging fraud and corruption. 
It has yet to come up with a plan to tackle the problem itself. To get around the dilemma, 
Mr Lee may need to persuade his voters that they have changed their minds on something bigger. Eor too, the country could benefit from an easing of relations with China that would help reinvigorate its trade policy 
with both countries. This might open the door for Mr Abe’s visit 
to Tokyo, as he has done since the end of the second world war, to be a welcome boost to economic and security ties. But the prime minister's trip is not intended to reopen the political 
economic and military 
agreement that brought Japan together in 1985-88, when the pair signed a “peace treaty” designed to encourage peace, 
but which did not guarantee them joint use of force against those who wished to attack the state. Its authoris- 
earer, Shinzo Abe, recently said his government was still willing to put forward a broader 
stakeholder-friendly stance. The prospect of closer diplomatic access means Mr Abe’s government could gain more support. If so, this will signal a turning point for American diplomacy. 

That does not mean it will succeed; even if it did, Mr Abe’s willingness to talk could prove costly. His party lost 30 seats in parliament 
last year and now has only five seats. A new coalition government will also lead to an awkward contest between the big parties 
that govern the region and the small ones that govern it. It is possible, though unlikely, that one of the big pro-business interests, Japan's 
main creditor, will find its way to power without the help of a new left-wing prime minister. 
The bigger problem is that the most important decision of the second term in office 
will be a referendum on whether the economy should recover from the drubbing caused by 
the first world war and the second two crises. The country’s financial imbalances are partly to blame, since much of the growth 
that took place during the pandemic was caused by weak investment and low productivity. In 2012 the deficit 
hit 12% of GDP (see chart 2). As a result, output shrank by 1% a year (see next 
chart 3). Unemployment rose by more than 4%, but this is too little for any real recovery. An- 
other thing is that many Japanese expect the economy to turn into a giant con- 
tribution machine again after six years in which their incomes fell almost 50% below the national average. Some economists have argued that 
a return to normalcy will come sooner rather than later, because the crisis will give them time to decide how to start re- 
turning. But until then, they fear the slump might force governments to redraw the rules of fiscal policy. One theory is that the slowdown may eventually push up inflation at home, as well as at the 
international trading centres (see next article). 

A stronger bond market has helped. All of these factors could be good reasons for firms’ willingness to work together to lower costs, and help drive new investment in manufacturing, which has grown more competitive by displacing unprofitable ones elsewhere. 

But a weak pound is also playing a big part. That can boost productivity 
and wages in manufacturing, but not jobs in finance, medicine or other fields where firms are increasingly small and highly skilled. On the balance, this suggests that it will reduce output in industries with lots of new machines, such as 
health care, technology and so on. It could also cause firms to look elsewhere for labour. And, though firms must adjust to changes in demand from abroad, there is little reason to expect that firms who use their machines will adapt much to new forms of trade. A weaker pound will have been particularly important if the world economy is moving in the wrong direction. So even a fall in prices does not guarantee a return to recession: it tends to reinforce many firms’ old habits of relying on local suppliers; it would 
also exacerbate what was once a powerful sense of control over markets. 

One possible explanation is that China’s growth rates, driven by an ageing population and rising import tariffs, have shrunk. The government 
has tried to avoid that by easing its credit spreads, encouraging companies to expand abroad in order to stimulate growth abroad