ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:
T he last straw was when the 
government of Singapore, which had 
been accused of ignoring the constitution 
and constitution, decided to suspend the prime minister 
for life. 

On July 8th the government of Singapore’s president, 
Sino-Kong Unambara, announced that he would 
be the next prime minister. 

Singapore, an island of about 10m people, was in a state of 
emergency. The president had been 
expected to be re-elected on August 2nd. 

A new constitution 

was drafted in 2013 to replace the existing one, 
which had been in effect since 
2003. The new one, which will be signed 
by Singapore’s president, will be 
written in the next few days. 

The new constitution, the constitution of the Singapore 
government, is more than a law, but a blueprint for 
the rest of the world. It is a blueprint for the whole of 
the government, not just the prime minister, and it 
has already been put in place. 

The new constitution is designed to protect Singapore’s 
national interests, but it also lays out the path to rule. 

The new constitution has been a blueprint for the whole of the 
government, not just the prime minister, and it 
has already been put in place. 

The new constitution will not be the only one, though. 

The new constitution will also give the prime minister the 
right to run the country. The new constitution 
will also give him the right to run a country 
like Singapore, which has been governed by a government 
that has been weakened by a corruption scandal and 
a lack of transparency. 

The government will also have to find a way to keep up its promise to 
make the country more like Singapore. 

The new constitution will provide a blueprint for how 
the new government will navigate the tricky 
business of governing. 

Some of the changes will be aimed at easing some of the 
scrutiny of the country’s long-struggling 
economic recovery, which began in the late 1980s. 

Many of the changes are aimed at easing the 
difficulty of managing the financial crisis. The government 
will now have to do more to keep up its promise to make 
Singapore a more orderly and prosperous place. 

The new constitution will also give the prime minister 
the right to run the country. 

The new constitution will also give the prime minister the right to run the 
government, which will give him the power to run the economy