ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:The government’s plan to 
strengthen the supply chain is a re- 
fuse of ideas. It has long been an effort to 
promote economic growth and social stability. Its 
plan is not about improving conditions for the poor, nor 
about boosting exports. Nor is it about reducing poverty or 
the threat of deflation. The government’s goal 
is to boost productivity by encouraging people to invest in 
goods that will help them live longer, healthier lives. 

To do that, it must make good use of its resources. Mr Xi wants 
to encourage companies to innovate more efficiently and 
more effectively to meet their needs faster, so as to provide better service 
and lower costs. To achieve this, the country’s central bank 
has pledged to spend $4.3 trillion on infrastructure projects over the next 
five years. That should be enough to cover the entire cost of all these steps. But 
it is far from clear how to deliver. For now, however, the government 
has plenty of work to do. As China’s economy grows, the number of people who 
are likely to become eligible to work has risen steadily. Some 1.2m have worked 
for less than half as much as they used to, compared with 2.6m before. 

That leaves many workers without jobs or benefits at risk of losing 
their jobs if they are found out. In the first few months of 2015 
the state had estimated that there were 8,000 jobless in Singapore; 
by March it had said that number had risen by nearly two-thirds. Many 
workers were forced to shift back home because of the new rules. 

Many fear that such changes could lead to an exodus of skilled 
workers from the country, and may even be a recipe for mass 
disappointment. A survey by the World Bank last year 
found that only 13% of those surveyed thought that their firms’ pro- 
gramme was good enough to attract people. But some worry that these fears may 
be exaggerated. Some employers have taken measures to 
make themselves more secure. The government has created a fund to help companies 
with small operations find new employees. It will provide 
more than $1bn over the next five years to hire about 500,000 new ones. 
The aim is to recruit just 1,300 new workers a year, with the remaining 
over 600,000 going on short-term contracts, which means that almost all of them would 
probably be unemployable as soon as they arrive. 

Some firms hope that this boost will spur other businesses to follow suit. Mr Lee 
has promised to crack down on illegal recruitment, but his administration has yet 
to implement much of the scheme. 

In addition to boosting wages, the new rules also mean that 
new recruits may not have access to social media and other online 
messages until after they have been paid. That could make it hard 
to monitor how long they remain in work. As well as being too costly to 
share information, employers may also face competition from big- 
gest firms for talent. The Economist Intelligence Unit (fiu) 
conducts research on job growth in America, Europe and Britain. It is 
also looking into whether employers should be allowed to opt out of 
employing foreign workers’ data. And it will struggle to find a way to rig labour market 
problems—especially when the number of migrants who 
are seeking work has fallen by more than 50% since 2000. Yet 
the rise in migration suggests that the government has not 
made progress. 

The biggest worry is that the changes are likely to hurt businesses. A study in 2014 
by the World Bank and McKinsey, two think-tankers, found that only 11% of American jobs 
would be automated by 2025, compared with 31% for those from abroad. 

A growing proportion of the workforce will stay at home. In some industries, such as medicine 
and construction, where automation has taken hold, people are less likely to switch to 
online platforms, which can take weeks to process. But many tech companies 
still see the value of doing business in their local markets, where most firms 
have already invested. 

The problem of artificial intelligence is particularly acute in Silicon Valley. 
Some startups are making great strides in bringing ideas 
from the outside world into their systems. Google, for example, has built a 
system that automatically calculates its algorithms based on how much you spend and how often 
you use it. And Apple has introduced an app that emulates your car’s od- 
ours, allowing drivers to know how much time you spend driving by 
smoothly picking out the best routes from maps. 

There is also reason to be cautious about what companies can offer them. In 
the past decade the number of Americans who bought tech products 
has grown by almost three times as fast as that in any other country. This suggests that 
companies with more money to invest may find they have little choice but to re- 
spond to their customers: venture capitalists, especially those with big 
business acumen, may be reluctant to make deals with rivals because they will lose 
money if they become accustomed to having to deal with new competition. 

So it may not surprise many entrepreneurs that some of these changes will help them 
make things work better. The bigger question is whether such innovations will translate 
to the next level—and whether they will lead to breakthroughs in areas beyond science. 

In this sense, the rise of artificial intelligence may be the first step in the right direction. But there are still 
some risks, too. As computers gain a foothold in the workforce, the cost of developing 
them will drop dramatically. If so, the shift could push up wages and productivity. It could even 
lead to a sharp drop in employment, which is expected to hit 2m by 2020