ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:A new law will make it harder for 

people to vote in elections. In the 
past few years the government has tried 
to tighten rules on the electoral process. 

This year it has tightened restrictions on the 
party’s official party-list, which it 
has long used to block candidates who are 
not party members. 

The new law will help, in part, to 
ensure that elections are held in a more 
competitive and open environment. 

The new law also makes it harder for 
people to be elected to preside over a 
new national assembly. 

The law will also make it harder for people to 
vote for the next president, 
the new one, who is not yet in the cabinet. 

The law also prevents the party from 
admitting candidates for vice-presidents, who 
are more likely to be minority parties than 
their candidates. 

The new law also puts pressure on the party to 
ensure that voters are not misled by the 
candidates. 

The law also requires that party leaders and elected 
members be sworn in. This is the first step in a series of 
reforms to the constitution that Mr Abe wants to introduce. 

It will also ensure that candidates have the right to be 
elected to a two-thirds majority, and that party members 
have the right to be elected. 

The law also makes it easier to get rid of corrupt politicians. 

The law also obliges the government to publish 
information about the candidates for presiden- 
dential seats in parliament, and the government to 
prosecute officials who are in the public eye. 

The constitution itself, in turn, is not clear. 

The prime minister, Najib Razak, has 
been accused of obstructing justice. 

Many of the reforms passed in the new parliament 
are meant to reduce the power of the president. 

Yet the law itself is unlikely to do much to 
restructure that power. The president, who has 
only the power to appoint and appoint 
people to the lower house, will have the power to 
take a decision on whether to dissolve parliament. 

The government has also promised to publish 
information about the candidates for the presiden- 
dential seats in parliament, and the police, the judiciary 
and the police chief will have to be elected. 

The government has also promised to 
open the electoral process to all candidates. 

This is not just a political gambit: the law is also a 
political gamble. The party that will govern is unlikely to 
be able to take the presidency. 

It is not clear that the new parliament will have the power to 
elect a new president. 

The president has already ruled out that he will 
be replaced by a new leader, who will have to 
pass a law to change the constitution. 

In the end, though, the law is not the end of the 
world. 



ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: PARIS


TEXT OUTPUT:T he French president is the 
prime minister of a French republic 

A French president is the prime minister of a French republic, 
and in the first round of the presidential 
election on June 9th will be the first to be elected 
in France. 

But the election will not be the first time the French 
president has been accused of a sin: he is accused of corruption 
and corruption in his own party. 

On June 14th, for example, Emmanuel Macron, a 
fellow Socialist, took to Twitter to accuse the 
French of being corrupt, of being too close to the centre-right and of 
dealing too much with the economy. 

The president, however, will not be the first to go public. 

In the past two years the French president has faced the 
challenges of the European Union, which was 
shelved by the reunification of France and the reunification 
of Belgium. 

But the French president has shown that he can 
do without a third of the damage done by the two countries’ 
wariness to co-operate. He has not been able to win much ground 
in the polls, and his popularity is at risk. 

On November 7th Mr Macron, the 
French president, said that the French 
government would not accept a new constitution 
that would oblige France to accept a new constitution, which 
is likely to require a second round of elections. 

This is the second time in as many months that Mr Macron has 
made a bold move in France. In September he said that he would 
no longer be afraid to challenge the French presidency. 

The president has also made it clear that he will not be averse 
to compromise, though he will not be willing to take a hard line on the 
French economy. He will have to show that he can win over voters 
by making compromises that will help him to win over voters, both 
from his own centre-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and 
from the centre-left National Front (FN) of Marine Le Pen, the 
chancellor, and from the far-right National Front (FN). 

The FN is not the only party in this coalition that has 
made a big move. The centre-left Socialists, led by the 
left-wing Jean-Luc Mélenchon, are likely to win a majority in the 
European Parliament