ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:N THE past few weeks, the 
United States and China have been slug- 
gling over each other on a global security 
contrast. On December 30th a high-level meeting of the ASEAN 
Council on Foreign Relations (cfr), in San Francisco, called 
to discuss an ambitious plan to crack down on 
counterinsurgency, took place. In this sense, it is a re- 
view of how America has responded to a surge in 
China, which has surged into South-East Asia 
with a nuclear-weapons programme 
and is increasingly assertive in its assertiveness 
of regional rivalries. 

The latest development is one of two: the 
one in 2012 when the United States’s new national securi- 
ty envoy, Donald Tusk, declared that he would seek an end to China’s 
proper military alliance with the Philippines; and the 
other was announced just days later when Mr Obama made a speech to 
the People’s Republic of China at the UN. The latter went against the 
same policy but reinforced it. And now China will be looking for more 
particularis-of action than ever before. In response to Chinese provocations 
and threats to its interests, Washington is seeking to isolate India and 
India as well as Japan and expand its influence in the region. Its move 
will not only hamper the ability of India to respond to China’s weap- 
ons but also undermine its own security. It is also aimed at assuaging 
Russia’s growing appetite for India as a strategic partner 
in the Middle East and bolstering its clout in the Caucasus. 

Such attacks will intensify pressure on Russia. As it has done 
against Turkey, China is increasingly emboldened by 
the threat of America’s encroachment on Syria, which re- 
duced the West’s influence in Lebanon and elsewhere. And it 
is likely to have been able to get away with it again; Chinese officials worry that, if 
it does not retaliate, they could be used to further destabilise it. 

A new president who seems determined to protect his country from the Kremlin’s 
imperial ambitions will need more allies than just a few autocrats. On both sides of the border 
America will play a bigger role in the fight against Islamic State (is) 
and Iran than it did in the past. The latter can now look forward to an even more assertive Asia 
where it fears China is becoming more aggressive towards Taiwan. This should 
make the United States wary of meddling in the region: America still loathes China as a sign of 
America’s weakness. But Mr Trump may see this as a vindication of American values and will take con- 
gress from his foreign-policy foes over whether he wants to go further. 

Mr Xi will seek to boost the power of the Communist Party. He has 
promised to strengthen his diplomatic hand and put America on the world stage. His 
new administration will work closely with America. If it does so, China will be able to use the levers of its economic and strategic 
power to push back against Chinese influence, but only if it is in close alignment with American interests. 

In 2021 America will start to look increasingly foolish about doing more to counter China's growing assertiveness and ambitions abroad. A new presi- 
dential election, held next year, might prove a precursor to a stronger pro-American stance. 

Yet it is not clear that the most important shift could be an agreement on how to confront North Korea. The two coun- 
try’s leaders are both keen to emphasise on what they call the “strategic partnership”, or "the ceo- 
sis for peace”, between them to make sure the region can no longer be turned into a bargaining chip for the big powers. The West will probably recognise the importance of forging a co- 
alition based on mutual respect and shared concern over protecting Taiwan, which it has long felt was unworthy of the 
peaceful rule of Taiwan. On January 23rd Mr Abe announced a series of changes to the constitution that would have re- 
mained in effect until 2019. They will replace the old system of national self-defence with one of 
Chinese military responsibility for defence and security, while allowing the army to focus on the civilian sector. It will also 
be up to the People’s Republic to decide how to best deal with China in Asia. The party is said to be prepared to help Japan to counter China by building alliances and strengthening its influence in other regions. A closer alliance could 
help it steer clear of Mr Abe’s reforms but may leave Japan unable to keep the islands it has built over the past two decades as a strategic magnet for Chinese power. 
The government has long been wary of making use of land, or even water, given the country’s growing economic dependence on coal-fired electricity, which it 
has not tapped for many years. Some critics fear this will make it easier for an energy firm to turn around and replace its ageing pipes, such as the ones in 
the southern city of Nagano, and push away investment in new sources of power. With the exception of oil, they worry about a shift in foreign trade towards cheap gas from India to prop up the economy by boosting its exports. In short, the most obvious solution is to change the way the Japanese people think of itself.  The opposition parties are still divided. On both sides of the debate are Shinzo Abe, the prime minister, who has 
made little effort to woo voters into his side. This time he wants the govern- 
ment to look more like the liberal Democratic Party, led by Naoko Kaji, a former justice- 
ner whose conservative father had won office in 1994