ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:AUSTRALIA 

The economy is still struggling to recover from its worst year in nearly a decade, with an unemployment rate of 8.4%, the country’s lowest since 2007. Inflation has been below 2%. The public debt is at just over 6% of GDP, and it is running low enough to feed its population by selling off assets, which have 
had already been sold for about $40 billion (see chart 2). It is also hard to measure how much more the government will spend on education, health care, 
spending on schools and other social services, and on infrastructure investment. To get there, it must make big spending cuts that are 
far less painful than Mr Abbott promised when he called 
for them to be made last year. This week the prime minister, Kevin Rudd, said Australia would start a new round of quantitative easing, 
which will reduce the deficit by 5% of gdp next year and stimulate the economy even further. The budget 
would need to be revised up by around 1% to bring this aim into line with the target set in July 2015. 

That would give the president more leeway than ever to re-negotiate the terms of the bail-out package. But as his renegotiation 
will come closer to completion, some economists expect it to take longer for him to secure the votes needed 
to pass the bill through parliament—and if not before, to seal it. 

The main reason why the economy is struggling is that China’s slowdown was caused by the slow- 
down of global demand for labour, and partly because it has been able to avoid a prolonged slump in food- 
stamp prices. As a result, many Australians are now buying their own stuff, often without 
the benefits of higher wages or other subsidies. 

There is also an economic justification for the move. Chinese firms have had a hard time getting workers 
back on track. The country has suffered from overproduction, 
which means that its workforce shrank by more than 80% between 2006 and 2014. In some parts of 
the country, the number of new jobs has barely budged: as of May, only 23,000 were re- 
solved. And there is little sign that the government will be ready to take action. 

In theory, Australia’s response would be to increase exports. But this would require a huge 
change of attitude in the finance ministry, which is under pressure to respond 
quickly to a looming financial crisis. Its next prime minister, David 
Ryan, wants to cut spending by $1.6trn by 2021, at a cost of $12trn. Yet he insists 
that such measures would help keep unemployment below 5%. This is too much, he says. Mr Abbott will need to persuade 
the Liberal party’s governing coalition to stick with him. 

Mr Ryan has shown little interest in taking up the cause himself. He wants to make 
more money from his own private-sector loans rather than selling them. 
That will mean keeping borrowing costs low for longer and reducing the 
cost of subsidising foreign workers. His biggest worry will be to save the public purse 
by raising taxes on businesses that benefit from 
the extra revenue. In return, he said, it would help him build a stronger government. 
The next election will depend on whether Mr Trudeau or 
Mr Mulcair can bring down his debt. If so, Canada’s leaders will not be too keen 
to give up on austerity. But they have long been wary of the idea 
that America could use a $1om per person tax break to pay for the construction of new roads. That 
would be a farcical alternative, given the high cost of building them. The prime minister is 
predicting that his Liberals will vote for a “new fiscal compact” with the centre-left Democratic Party, which is likely to 
not accept such an arrangement. 

Even if Mrs May does win, it will be difficult for her to keep a promise to 
strengthen the economy without weakening it, even though she has promised to reduce the deficit by almost $5om a year. She 
may also struggle to find a way to cut unemployment by about 3.5% over the next three years, well above the 2.5% 
expected. Her government will still need to convince the opposition parties to support her; but it may 
still face stiff resistance from its core base. A popular majority 
of Canadians approve of Mr Harper’s performance, but a narrow majority of independents do not. So 
a minority leader in a coalition with Ms Mulcair has little chance of keeping her job 
or even winning one. The two candidates have been campaigning for the past year to keep 
each other on the ballot, and they are unlikely to be able to muster much support among independents or 
other voters: polls suggest that most are undecided. 

The Conservatives are likely to get a boost from a new party, the Green Party. It is an old 
party, but its leaders recognise that their aim is not merely to make up for lost time. They hope to gain support from small 
firms, especially small ones that have become more competitive during the last recession. And many are 
more willing to accept the idea of a “green-friendly” future. 

Many think the Greens will win seats if they can pull off a convincing victory in June’s election. Some 
want a third term to continue until 2020, and some worry that they will be too timid to govern without a 
fresh mandate. In the meantime, Mr Harper will have to persuade centrists to change their ways. For 
the first time since 2001, he will try to steer clear of a national campaign against the 
government of his former prime minister, Jean Chrétien. But this time his 
campaign will be different: he will focus on the country’s problems