ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:A new generation of 
Chinese leaders will not be as bold as they used to 
be, however. They will still have the skills and 
the vision to make a difference in China’s future. But many 
will struggle to understand how to manage it properly. In their 
years of experience, these young leaders will not have 
the ability to navigate complex challenges that 
have plagued Chinese policy since Mao Zedong 
and his party. And even if they do, there will be little reason to re- 
think the ways in which they should govern themselves. 

Many analysts expect Xi Jinping to become China’s presi- 
dent, but he will also need to steer clear of the political 
diplomacy of his predecessors, who have been known to 
override him. He has long been reluctant to accept changes that would 
curb Chinese growth and encourage foreign investment, 
but he now wants to use his influence to build up his own government, 
to push through reforms to improve social welfare and promote 
economic development. The president is unlikely to get much credit for this effort. 

The next leader to emerge from the ranks of Mr Xi’s elite is Xi Jinping, 
a former premier who was elected last year on a promise to reform China's 
economy. His father, Deng Xiaoping, was a politician who 
was born in Shanghai and worked at the railway station when China’s first 
nationalisation in 1873. As a result, he has spent much of his time in Beijing 
making promises to rein in corruption, free trade and 
development, to fight climate change and to defend the rule of law. He has 
been seen as an opportunist, but his ambition is not 
to be seen as an out-and-out leader. 

Mr Xi is not the only one with a plan to make China safer by cur- 
rently reducing its reliance on foreign labour. The Communist Party 
is now seeking ways to help it cope with a growing disen- 
tity among Chinese workers. It has begun offering subsidies for 
new factories that can replace old ones. And it is preparing to raise taxes on 
farmers to pay for them. In theory, this would mean raising the minimum wage 
from 15% to 20% of income to encourage firms to innovate. But most 
workers will struggle to find jobs because they have little choice: many are stuck on low incomes 
and unable to afford to buy enough food or other necessities to feed their families. 

The government has tried to persuade some farmers to sell grain directly to 
the state through the national market. Mr Xi says that if all this were done, the price of grain 
would rise by almost 50%. Yet there is little sign that this will happen. Many 
growers still rely on local suppliers to keep their crops up-to-date. 

Many are already struggling to fill vacancies, especially in the agricultural sector. 

In recent years, however, the number of people employed in agriculture has 
rose by more than 300m, thanks to cheap imports from abroad. 
The share of farmers who use a food service or a farm 
manager has risen by nearly 60% over the past five years. The share 
of those who do not use them has been rising at an annual rate 
of 3% a year for two decades. This is partly because firms are finding it harder to 
make money selling goods cheaply and persuading consumers to buy them 
at lower prices. In some parts of the country, where maize yields have fallen 
in recent years, such as Chiapas, the population has shrunk by 40%, while 
the number of new farms has risen by just 1%. 

A shift away from farming may also be helping to push the economy back into recession. Some 
farmers are trying to make good use of existing resources: they are growing less 
expensively, which means they can afford to buy better quality produce. 

But many rural producers are losing out, too. They have lost much of their 
natural beauty and fertility advantage, and many are losing out on the benefits of a 
new kind of production. 

That leaves farmers with few choices but to adapt. As the region’s economic climate warms, 
they could find themselves facing increasingly difficult choices about how to grow 
their crops, whether they want to stay in the countryside or turn to online services to get 
their hands on cheaper produce. 

As a result, many farmers have begun looking for new ways to make money. They 
have become adept at using technology to help them navigate 
businesses and markets that can be automated. The 
economy is shifting away from farming to more urban areas where people live, so 
farmers are beginning to look for ways to manage their growing 
needs. In cities, there are growing signs that local governments are turning 
to startups as an alternative to traditional agribusiness: Uber, which has 
launched in London and San Francisco, has been able to raise $2 billion in funding 
from investors who have invested in small businesses rather than large ones. 

In some places, it is becoming easier to innovate by opening up 
the supply chain to firms that offer better products and services, such as those 
that compete with big-box stores and other food processors. 

A shift away from subsistence farming has also made it harder to 
provide food and water to people who do not have access to electricity. A recent study by the 
University of Nottingham found that only 6% of households had enough water to 
feed themselves. But even if all these rural famines were solved, the number of 
people living in poverty would still rise by 1m by 2030. Some 30m more will be un- 
derstandable without proper sanitation