ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:I N A busy summer in 
America, the prime minister’s wife, Michelle, 
says she wants to get back into her job. She has 
a hard time finding a new job because of an illness. 
Her first was a debilitating stroke and it cost her about 
two years of her life. Then came cancer, which forced her 
to move back to Washington, where 
she lost her father, who died in 2007. She had ac- 
countered two more. Now she worries about her health- 
care plans, which have yet to be completed 
for many months. Her husband is frail, but he will need 
support from his doctors and family. In Singapore, Ms Buhari 
has little idea what they are getting themselves into. 

Some employers offer a chance to hire Chinese for short-term jobs with 
the promise that they will stay home. Mr Lee says that at least some 
Chinese companies now accept American work, but few do. 
The government needs to make sure the rules are not changed so that 
no one is tempted to go abroad without a visa or other form of 
foreign education. The prime minister also wants to strengthen incentives 
for women to apply for permanent residency after the baby is born. It would help 
to find out whether the child will ever return to China. To avoid the stigma 
of being deported there, Mrs Buell should visit Japan regularly to 
discuss immigration laws, especially against Japanese immigrants 
who come to Australia as minors. But if she decides to live in America, she can 
visit California again by train on a temporary basis, rather than 
from Los Angeles. 

Ms Buhari expects Ms Lee to take over the job when she takes office next month. 
She is due to make her first public foray since 
she took over from her father, who was then 
a policeman and army officer; she will soon start work at a local- 
bureaucracy with an American counterpart, Ms Park Chung-hee, who 
has been appointed the country’s new president. Her husband 
would be responsible for many of the tasks Mr Kim has done for his 
country: overseeing the defence ministry, which runs the armed forces, 
the police, the courts and the interior and judiciary, 
and helping set up the central bank, which will have powers to bail out securi- 
ties (which Mr Kim still controls). His administration has yet to appoint anyone else. 

Mr Lee will also push through reforms that would allow 
young Koreans to apply for asylum in Britain without having to 
come to Australia or face deportation. This means that any young person who 
comes here illegally would need a permit to seek a full-time 
stay—something it does not have under Singapore law. The government hopes to re- 
veal some aspects of its plans later this year. In addition to the ban on resettling 
people from China, Ms Buell will impose restrictions on travel and covid-19 use. 

The aim will be to encourage firms to find other ways to attract 
workers. “If you come here illegally, we'll make you work harder in 
the country’s economy,” said a senior official, who was 
researchers at the Chinese embassy in Beijing. Some firms are still wary 
of moving there. For instance, if an employer wants to hire Chinese 
workers for his job at one of these companies, they will have to pay a tax 
and get permission from the central government. So those working for the pro-business 
Chinese group can also be lured abroad with temporary employment contracts. 

That means fewer workers will be hired because of Mr Li’s new powers. 
 
Mr Ma says he has had little luck attracting foreign employees. He will have to 
fill vacancies left by his predecessors; he intends to fill them soon. It is likely 
that employers will flock to America as a way to lure back talent from overseas: the con- 
fined labourers that many Chinese emigrants leave Britain after coming 
to America often arrive in America without legal papers.    The next step will be to find ways to recruit more local staff. If so, the authorities will 
be forced to scale back their programmes. Many foreigners now hail from 
different coun¬ 
try regions or countries. They have found that American immigration is 
not particularly popular with locals. But most do not want to live near 
the border as much as they once did. 

The biggest change will come if Mr Biden’s government 
reforms are adopted. New restrictions on the size of Amer¬ 
ican refugee camps and a new policy 
to help those resettled by other EU countries. 

That will probably make things harder for Mr Biden to push through his 
America-friendly re-election campaign— but it also means that he cannot 
keep his promise to expand welfare. As long as there is no big pro¬ 
gramme to boost asylum flows, he faces competition from Mr Trump 
for the party’s nomination. And if the president has an incentive to 
make good on his pledge to cut tax rates, he could win again. So 
would his successor, Donald Trump, who will inherit an administration 
that has tried to build upon the success of Mr Obama’s. His foreign-policy 
policies may well prove too ambitious for America. It needs to strengthen its role as 
a mediator between Europe and America, which has been struggling to get a deal done. 

Mr Biden will need to demonstrate his commitment to keep fighting to preserve both Britain and France. He 
has promised to forge closer ties with Germany, where Angela Merkel remains a 
strong ally, and the European Union to try to hold him to account