ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:A YEAR ON, a new generation of tech leaders 

has come to the fore. Many believe that 
smart cities are the next wave of innovation, 
that cities need a new set of rules to govern 
themselves. In the tech world, cities are changing, too. 

For the first time in a generation, tech leaders have found 
themselves in a position to influence the way they live, work and 
live. They now face daunting challenges. 

In cities such as Shanghai, a city of 2.6m people, the city’s 
sprawl has doubled over the past three years, and a new 
city of 15m people, known as Silicon Valley, is being 
designed. It was designed by a group of Silicon Valley 
experts at Google, the tech firm that built the web, and is the 
world’s biggest tech hub. It has grown from an area of 
1.5m people in 2012 to a world-beating population of 3m today, a 
record-setting growth rate. It is also an urban centre of activity, as 
it has become increasingly important to tech firms and other tech 
businesses. In the capital, Beijing, new buildings, restaurants and bars 
have sprung up. In Silicon Valley, the technology sector has grown 
from a relatively small and tightly knit group of entrepreneurs to an 
information-technology giant, which now has more than $2bn in cash. 

In America and Singapore, the technology sector has grown 
much faster than that. The city has the largest number of 
tech-related jobs in the country and the most tech jobs in its 
past five years. The tech world’s largest tech companies, such as 
Google, Facebook, Microsoft and Salesforce, are growing 
more quickly than tech-related industries in America, which is also 
growing at a faster pace than other places. 

The big tech firms have a lot to learn. They know how to 
think, how to innovate and how to innovate in a way that works for 
them. In other words, the new firms have the tools they need 
to take risks and grow, not just for themselves. 

For startups, this can be tricky. 

The rise of big tech in America has given them a new 
foundational ability to make decisions that are difficult for other 
firms to do. 

One reason is that big tech firms are not just making 
new products for small firms. 

When Silicon Valley began to get used to the idea of 
new companies as a means of getting around bureaucracy, the 
industry was the most productive of the new ones. 

But it has become increasingly fragmented, with firms 
all competing for jobs in places like Silicon Valley and tech- 
nology in Silicon Valley. The industry has grown more tech-dependent 
than ever before. And as its size and scope has grown, so too has the 
fluence of new firms. 

Many of the big tech firms that were once thought to be too 
easy to handle are now taking their own paths. 

The rise of the internet, which took hold after 
the financial crisis, has given rise to new 
companies with new products and new customers, and to 
new businesses with more sophisticated 
services. 

Some of these new firms have done well, but others have failed to 
fill them. The tech giants that dominate tech 
businesses now have a new kind of business model. 

The new entrants are big and new-market firms, and 
they have lots of new customers and new ideas. Some 
are trying to find ways to innovate and innovate 
better, but others are making money by taking advantage of 
the market rather than competing with others. 

It has taken a long time for companies to adapt, to the point where 
they are no longer able to compete with each other, and for a longer time to 
be able to offer services that are cheaper and faster. 

This is partly because there is little appetite to innovate, but it is also partly  because the tech firms that are the most important to its success 
now have bigger and better customers, and the ones who are most likely to be left behind. 

A more ambitious effort will be to bring new businesses to the big 
startups, and to bring them to the big giants that dominate finance, finance- 
tech and retail. 

Some startups are already building their first big 
scale startups in emerging markets, such as India. In the 
past two years some of them have been 
launching in cities such as Shanghai, Singapore, 
Singapore, Tokyo, Tokyo and Shenzhen, where they hope to get much 
more exposure. But some of them are starting to make it possible to build a 
new business model that works, too. 

Some of these firms are trying to build businesses based in their own 
own cities, or in places with big economies like China. They are building 
them, in cities where there are less public transport and more open 
access to public schools and other services. Others are building on existing 
systems and using new ideas and tools to grow. 

They can, in theory, do more than just build a business model. They can also be 
foolishly, too. 

In cities where the public transport is more reliable, some companies 
have started to look more like their Silicon Valley counterparts. 

Some of the biggest names in finance are already investing, and 
are investing in things that they can be proud of, such as startups. 

But they are starting to get into big things. The tech giants that have made 
their bets on the big cities are beginning to grow bigger and better 
enough to make it easy for them to make money from them