ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:A new government has been elected in 
Singapore, a country with over 1.2m people of 
Chinese descent, and will be sworn in on June 2nd. 

It is the first time that Singapore’s prime minister has 
been elected by a majority of his peers since 
the end of the dictatorship in 1949. Mr Lee will preside over a 
government that has presided over a succession of 
powerful leaders who have ruled for more than five 
decades, including Lee Kuan Yew, an unelected 
president whose death was avenged by his pro-democracy 
grandmother, Lee Kuan Yew. He is also the first sitting president 
to be re-elected in a decade as leader of a major 
nationalist party (which had not yet won a parliamentary 
seat). The next election is due to take place within two 
months. But it is unlikely to change the political landscape much 
at all. As one senior official put it, “The real question is how 
much longer this government will last. It is too short to guarantee stability, and too 
short to allow the public to trust its own judgment.” 

The opposition’s main hope is to use the vote to try to reverse the 
parliamentary changes, but the timing of the election has been suspicious. 

On January 30th Mr Lee, once thought to be the most powerful man 
in Singapore, gave a speech at a gathering of young reformers calling 
for greater democratic rights in a bid to woo younger voters. This 
was followed by another rally in which he vowed to push through 
a law to ban the sale of plastic surgery to minors 
(who are illegal under Singapore’s penal code). He also made his point that 
Singapore should not be dragged into Vietnam 
by its own politics. The next day 
the prime minister’s office said it had re-opened 
its investigation into the pro-democracy protests. It was 
clear that this meant a new generation of politicians would soon 
be drawn from the party and political parties that 
reaffirmed him. But few believe that will happen. 

A more likely explanation is that the pro-democracy movement will have 
been driven out of power rather than strengthened. As Mr Lee pointed out, 
many people were still loyal to his party when he took office; now 
they are increasingly wary of his government. They may feel vindicated 
and betrayed by his victory. Some fear that Mr Lee’s sudden ouster will embolden 
pro-democracy activists to take up arms again. 

In any case, there are reasons to worry. In an era of de facto 
democracy, the state is becoming less responsive to public opinion. 

Some are even fretting over whether the ruling Politburo will 
immediately step in and turn things around. That could cause problems for 
the president, who must decide how to respond. 

Mr Lee is not alone. Many think the country’s leaders do not 
have the stomach for change. A recent poll by the National Opinion 
Research Foundation, an official think-tank, found that only 40% of 
young voters surveyed said they were prepared to re- 
form the constitution. They have little interest in a political party 
that has been dominated by pro-government elements for 
so long. Some worry that Mr Abe, whose government 
has led the way in reforming Japan’s 
economy, will soon be forced to make up his mind about how to govern. His first 
term as prime minister is due to start on June 30th. 

It is not just the politics of the past year that worries Shinzo Abe. It is the foreign-policy 
environmental policy of his Liberal Democratic Party (ldp), 
a coalition of left-wing parties, which has governed Japan since 1999. 
The fiercest critics of Mr Abe are those he has helped shape 
since the end of World War II. In a bid to woo back voters who loathe him 
and who resent his handling of the economy, he has promised to revive the economy if the 
reform fails. If it does not happen, he says, the world will suffer forever. 

That may sound like a pessimistic view of a polity that is failing to take 
steps to restore order. But there are other reasons to worry. 

The rise of populism—a new generation of young people with 
little experience of politics—has made it harder for 
politicians to govern. They have become more open 
to criticism and less prone to being seen as out- 
right about their party's policies. And they tend to be more sceptical 
about government reform than voters or politicians. 

Yet in recent weeks Mr Macron’s popularity has soared. 

A poll by Ipsos, a political-research outfit, found that 63% of French 
men had backed him in the last presidential election; now just 12% do not. 

This suggests that the country’s problems are bigger than ever. The 
country’s leaders must also look into how to fix them. 

After years of turmoil and upheaval, many young people are still disillusioned 
with politics. In France, where voters often turn out at large numbers to vote, few 
know what to expect from an electoral revolution. Yet the mood is changing. 

In France, when polls start to come in, voters feel better about themselves. 
Some think that the next election will be very different. 

Mr Macron’s message will resonate with ordinary voters everywhere