ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:The government is looking for a new 
president, but its main aim is to revive 
the economy. The new leader will be 
the first of its kind in the country, which has been 
for years struggling to contain the 
global slump. His main job will be to 
make sure that the economy is growing again, 
to boost growth and to keep the economy in 
solid condition. 

The prime minister will be a pragmatist who will 
focus on boosting the economy by 
making it more competitive in the region, 
and by keeping the economy in the same 
shape as it is in the past. 

The government will also want to boost the economy 
by boosting the defence budget, 
to help the economy grow more rapidly. 

The prime minister will also want to keep the economy in good 
shape. He has pledged to make the economy more competitive 
in the region by promoting trade and investment. 

The defence budget will also be boosted by the creation of a new 
agency, the South Asia Development Bank, to help 
develop countries to develop their economies. 

The economy will also benefit from a bigger-than-expected 
boost in the tax base, which has been growing faster than 
the economy could recover. 

The government will also want to boost the number of 
jobs in government and in the private sector. 

The economy has been growing at a brisk pace in recent years, 
thanks to a rise in new business investment and a sharp rise in the 
tax base. The economy will also benefit from 
the fact that it has been able to grow at a much faster pace than 
other developing economies, thanks to the growth in the number of 
farmers and small- and medium-sized businesses in its 
country. 

The government is also seeking to boost the number of private-sector 
employees by boosting the number of apprentices. 

The government has also sought to boost the number of 
migrant workers who are eligible for a temporary 
hire. It has also set up a new, high-skilled job- 
seeker agency. 

The government is also boosting the number of public-sector 
employees it has hired. 

The government is also encouraging companies to hire more workers. 

The number of jobs the government has hired has risen by 
half since the start of the year. In the past year, there have been 
over 100,000 new jobs created in public-sector 
work, up from just over 5,000 a year before. 

The government is also seeking to boost the number of private-sector 
employees by boosting the number of people who are eligible for a 
temporary-hire. 

The government is also looking to boost the number of people who 
are legally required to work in the country. 

The number of people needing a temporary-hire has increased by 
more than half since the start of the year. 

A new law will allow employers to hire more people 
in public-sector work, but only for those who have been 
certified as a labour agent. 

The government wants to make it easier for 
people who have been legally certified 
as an agent to apply for a temporary-hire. 

That will help fill vacancies that are already 
fraught. The law is likely to boost the number 
of jobseekers who are legally required to work, 
and will also help the number of people who are not 
certified as labour agents, but are now legally 
required to work. 

The government has also set up a new agency to monitor 
workers’ status and to provide advice. 

It has already set up a database of employers who have 
been certified as a labour agent, and has sent its own 
firms to the labour ministry to check their status. 

It has also created a new system of registration. 

The government is also looking to encourage employers to 
start offering paid sick leave, which allows people to 
stay in the country longer and receive benefits. 

Some of the reforms are also aimed at easing the 
pressure to hire more people. The government has 
also promised to increase the number of workers who can be 
certified as a labour agent by the end of the year. 

The government has also promised to create a new labour 
service agency that will help workers with disabilities and 
to establish a network of skilled workers to 
help them work. It is also pushing through a 
new national minimum wage, which is expected to 
increase by a third over the next five years. 

The government is also seeking to bring the share of workers 
who earn more than $25,000 a year into the workforce 
to 67% by 2021. It is also looking for ways to raise the 
share of workers in the workforce to 67% by the end of this year, 
by encouraging firms to hire more workers by 2022 and by 
making it easier for firms to hire new workers. 

The government also wants to encourage companies to hire more workers and 
to make it easier for them to hire more workers. 

The government is also looking to boost the productivity of its 
public schools. It will raise the minimum wage for public-school 
workers from $8.25 to $10.25 by 2021, and to $12.50 by 2022. 

It is also looking to bring down the minimum wage for public-school 
workers from $10.25 to $8.50 by 2021. 

The government is also looking to boost the labour market 
and encourage firms to hire more workers. 

Some of the reforms are designed to help firms hire more workers, 
and to help firms find new ways to hire more workers