ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:The economy is recovering but 
unemployment has dropped by about 
7% since the start of this year. The public is still 
struggling to recover. 

The government is trying to cushion the blow by cur- 
rently investing in infrastructure. But there are 
many problems, including one that 
might be solved by other measures. The 
government will be trying to save up cash to plug its 
gap. It is investing more heavily in public 
schools and public transport, and it is investing 
much more wisely in public health, education 
and public transport. But Mr Xi’s reforms 
are not going well. The government is in the middle of 
the most intense political contest in a 
generation. It has tried to balance its budget with 
unnecessary cuts, such as the one imposed by 
Mr Xi last year, which is also meant to help the economy recover 
from the slowdown. The economy is not going well. 

But there are also signs that it is starting to move slowly. The 
Chinese economy has bounced back 
since the start of the year, from a growth of 5.1% in 2012 to 7.6% in 
2015, compared with a decline of less than 2% a year before. 

Some hope the government will come to terms with the 
decade-long slump. 

The government has also tried to balance its budget with a 
relief package. It is still borrowing heavily to subsidise 
the government’s efforts to repair the economy. 

One thing is clear. The government is committed to 
strengthening social protection and public health, both of 
the economy’s most important benefits. 



ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:I N THE past few years the government has been doing a 
joke: not by getting rid of the bloated bureaucracy, but by keeping 
it in place. But at least in Singapore, it has taken steps 
that are working. 

The government has taken steps to boost public-sector 
health spending by increasing the minimum wage and 
further reforming the state’s pension systems. It 
has also taken steps to build roads and bridges. 

It has also taken steps to make public schools less dependent on 
the state for its services. 

A more comprehensive plan to encourage economic growth has also been 
discussed. It involves building up a new school system that will 
have an annual budget of $35,000, with a budget of $50 billion. It 
has also set up a new public-housing authority, and is likely 
to have a new state health ministry. 

The government’s effort to tackle the growing poverty 
of the country is proving a long time in the making. 

In recent years the government has taken a pro-poor 
formative tack. It has expanded social spending on a broad 
range of public services by cutting the national budget 
and increasing the pension scheme, 
increasing its tax base, increasing the number of public 
workers and increasing the local property market by 
raising the minimum wage and 
making it easier to buy houses. The new govern- 
ment is also trying to encourage private-sector investment 
in new infrastructure. 

The government hopes to finance 
around $12 billion of infrastructure projects by 
2020, from €2 billion in 2018 to €5.8 billion by 2021. 

Its ambitious plan to encourage private investment 
in new public schools in the countryside is aimed at boosting 
the number of children to 8.1 by 2020 and the share of young people in public schools 
to 11% by 2035. 

Its plan also aims to spur economic growth by encouraging investment by the 
drain-water industry. 

To that end, the new constitution also pledges to 
strengthen the country’s public finances to cover the need for 
crowdfunding and other public services. 

The government has also launched an initiative to 
strengthen education. It intends to build the country’s second 
highest-performing university at a time of rising demand for high-quality 
schools, and to open the country’s third state education 
centre, which will provide the capital for some of the country’s 
most advanced public schools. 

The government also plans to boost the number of private-school 
teachers by “increasing the number of children” in 
schools and encouraging parents to get licensed to 
teach. It will also allow private schools to offer 
private tutoring. 

The government’s efforts are evidence that the political 
diplomats who have been running the govern- 
ment for years will not be in charge. Their roles will 
have been central. The new govern- 
ment will be in charge of education for years to come, after 
years of political uncertainty, with the president as the prime 
minister. 

Mr Najib’s government has been unable to bring stability to 
the region by itself, but it has been able to persuade the 
government to support the army. It hopes to change the govern- 
ment’s policies and improve its institutions, and will 
also encourage more entrepreneurial growth, as well as a re-integration 
of the country’s small but well educated. 

The government’s first step will be to attract more investors. A 
poll in October by the Centre for Strategic and International Studies 
revealed that 88% of young people thought that investing in 
government education would help them get ahead