ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:A new year will be a rough one for China. 

The country’s economy is suffering from the worst 
ever slump in the world, and it is not going well. The num- 
ber of jobs lost since the financial crisis has been 
largely caused by China’s slowdown. But there are other worries. 
There are more than 2.4m people out of work; many of them 
are poor, often with few benefits or decent educa- 
tion. Many are part of a poor minority, especially 
those who lack basic education and can barely afford 
health care. Yet many still have little skills at home. Most 
are either uneducated or without education. It is hard to find good job- 
seeker services, even if they provide temporary housing and 
food, that could help offset the drop in the number of young workers. 

Mr Xi’s reforms will bring stability to some parts of the countryside but 
will also create fear. In May he announced plans to deregulate small farms and 
open up vast swathes of land far from cities. His aim is to reduce farming 
to an annualised level by 2021, set by his predecessor, Hu Jintao, 
and to encourage farmers to grow their own crops in areas where they are already 
poor. This may not last long. Some farmers face huge debts, including ex- 
ecutive salaries and pensions. They complain that the state cannot provide 
adequate food and health care, which means they have little choice but to rely 
on government subsidies or private loans. 

To avoid such problems, Mr Xi is trying to get back to his old ways. He is 
looking to transform the state through reforms that will make rural life 
more efficient. 

But he has also laid out several new ideas. The first is a reform of the way the state adminis- 
tors manage land. That would allow the state to buy up all of the land it owns. It 
would expand access to education, for example by giving it a 
centralised authority over everything from roads to schools. 

The second is to increase incentives to build better schools. In theory, this would 
prevent poor people from getting stuck in their homes if they do not pay 
up quickly enough. But many are now paying too much. A study published last year 
by the Centre for Agriculture and Development Policy found that an estimated 5m children 
in China were unwell each year; many more could be left without school because of high re- 
sponse to covid-19. And most are still living in urban areas where they can no longer afford 
schools. As the countryside grows older, so too does the city. Over the past decade, though, 
the number of households with incomes above 50% of the national average has 
increased by 30%. By 2020 the state’s share of the population was 65%. The govern- 
ment hopes that this will help it secure even greater autonomy. 

More important, Mr Xi is calling for a shift away from bureaucracy and towards 
a system of public administration that works for everyone. With the exception of a small 
group of bureaucrats, all public offices are held by 
officials who have no formal qualifications but can be trusted to 
make good decisions. He also wants to create a more equal society, one in which 
people like Ms Landaverde would be able to make better choices than those 
who lack them. 

Yet as leaders in Beijing and beyond, he is keen to emphasise his commitment to re- 
duce power. In recent months he has begun building up a new pro- 
gramme that will give him full control over everything from the economy to 
the police and army. It will also include the army, the civil service, the navy, 
the judiciary, the air force and the army’s special forces. As 
its secretary, General Wang Yi, says, “we want to strengthen the government”. 

But there will also be changes at the top: reform will require a political consensus, 
which must be strengthened when the generals and army chiefs meet again next month. That will 
not happen overnight. But the most likely outcome will be a change in the way 
government policy is structured. A new constitution will be drafted on February 12th, 
then revised until it is ready to go into effect by March 2019. 

There is a reason why China is eager to try to reshape itself—a country 
that once relied on its military to defend its interests even as its rulers took 
over power. It was not always so dependent on its navy and air force. Its army 
was already too weak to keep up with the pace of the Chinese mainland, which had long 
been able to hold out against both the Japanese and the American 
forces that were pushing through the Strait of Malacca. To keep up with China, China needs to find ways to keep up. The prime minister, Li Ke- 
shanxi, who has spent much of his time in Beijing, wants 
to make it easier for foreign states to get their hands on bases at sea. Some 
Japanese officials are preparing to use the visit to drum up support for a naval campaign 
against the North, which would help them to retain some of the islands under their control. As the South China Sea war 
breaks out, many more countries will seek to play along. Japan’s defence ministry will soon 
be looking for ways to expand its influence beyond its borders. In the coming months it will also look to re-establish a link 
between the two militaries, one of them Japan. 

A growing sense of frustration over the current state of affairs is understandable, given the 
further deterioration of relations between the two governments. Both have been 
abandoned. Mr Abe may lose patience with the Japanese side of things, but he does not 
want to give up hope of a peaceful settlement