ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:A new generation of techies is 
growing up in Silicon Valley and beyond. They are 
more entrepreneurial than ever, and their 
idea for success is a mix of business acumen and 
business-driven innovation. The next wave of 
intellectuals will have to be more diverse, but they can still build 
a company with the same talent, drive the right products, 
and innovate at the same speed, says Brian 
Walsh, founder of Canyons, an online e-commerce firm. 

The future is bright. As startups grow, so too will 
their skills. In the early days of the internet, there was 
little demand for skilled workers. But as technology 
becomes more sophisticated, the need for skilled people 
increasingly becomes clear. Some entrepreneurs believe that 
it could help them make better use of existing talent. 

That may sound like a fantasy, but it is not entirely unrealistic. 

In recent years many companies have found that hiring 
the right person to fill out a role has been easier than persuading 
workers to do so themselves. Many firms now offer full-time positions 
that provide flexible work environments and a broad range of experience. This 
has led to the rise of startups such as Uber, which is 
making its way into the world of cloud computing. And the number of 
startups investing in venture capital has doubled over the past year. 

Startups also have a chance to create jobs. Their ideas and 
customers can change industries faster than anyone else. 

Some entrepreneurs think they have succeeded in building something big, 
but others wonder if they have not yet achieved 
what they claim: what happens when firms get together to 
make money. In some industries startups are just starting 
to make their mark on society; in other sectors, tech is emerging 
as an exciting new area of research that could help shape the future of 
business. This article will examine how these changes may affect 
your startup’s prospects in 2021.   The first step towards your success depends 
on your ability to manage your company. If you are an entrepreneur, you must be able to plan 
for your business and manage it properly. You need to understand how you operate 
and what your team needs to do to succeed, how you want your team to innovate and where you hope to invest. 

Learn more about startups at Startup.com. Startups are becoming a powerful 
force for good in America. To learn more about startups, visit the Economist's website or follow 
us on Twitter: @TechCrunch.  

About the Economist 

The Economist is based in London and covers business news from around the world. For daily analysis and debate, visit 

economist.blogs.finance.com/businessweek and join us on Facebook at 
economist.blogs.finance.com/businessweek/. 

Economist.com/businessweek is a member of the Global Innovation Council. Its mission is to promote innovation, strengthen the economy and protect our intellectual property rights, which include the right to develop and use knowledge-based technologies for economic growth, such as digital platforms and cloud computing, by encouraging companies to innovate in new ways that benefit them all. To learn more about how you can become an active part of this effort, visit: www.economist.com/global-innovation-council/. 

For daily analysis and debate on economics, visit: www.economist.com/global-innovation-council/. 

Economist.com/businessweek is supported by The Economist Intelligence Unit, an investment bank. For daily analysis and debate on economics, visit: www.economist.com/economistinteractiveblog/economistinteractiveblog/index.cfm?context=economist 

for daily analysis and debate on economics, visit: www.economist.com/global-innovation-council/. 

The Economist Intelligence Unit has been conducting research into the impact of technology on business. We are looking for candidates with strong data science and analytical skills, relevant ability to analyse data from across industries and areas, and good organizational and strategic management skills. Applicants should have demonstrated exceptional leadership qualities and high level of experience in managing complex networks of expertise and developing effective communication skills. A comprehensive qualification in data science and quantitative 
analytical skills is required. 

Applications will be reviewed regularly and finalised by June 1st 2015. 

The Economist Intelligence Unit is an independent organisation dedicated to advancing the interests of global businesses and governments through its research, development and advocacy efforts. In addition to its responsibilities as the Director of the Office for Strategic and Policy Studies and as well as being an Executive Director of its European Programme, the Economist Intelligence Unit will work in close consultation with the relevant departments and agencies on the strategic development, analysis and evaluation of business and government contexts. The Economist Intelligence Unit also works with the Department of State and other relevant civil society organisations to promote economic and social change in Africa, Latin America and Asia, to enhance knowledge and skills in public policy and management.  The Economist Intelligence Unit is committed to developing and promoting a comprehensive and credible strategy towards achieving its mission of fostering innovation in all fields of human-resources and applied research and development. Its expertise includes: 
the development and use of information technology, information security and digital systems;

the ability to manage complex networks of inter-agency communication and data sharing; 
the ability to identify and investigate trends that are leading to changes in health and disease; and 
the ability to provide practical advice and support to senior policymakers and industry bodies. The Economist Intelligence Unit offers Internationally renowned positions within international institutions and countries focusing on topics relating to global financial markets, finance, energy and defence, economics and related areas of research and practice. The Economist Intelligence Unit also provides leadership and administrative experience in managing and developing multilateral institutional projects and programmes involving key stakeholders in both the field of Global and regional politics. The Economist Intelligence Unit is responsible for conducting research into global issues such as China, Russia, North Korea and Syria