ECONOMIST ARTICLE TOPIC: SINGAPORE


TEXT OUTPUT:RULE FOR ARTICLE TOPIC: DELHI


TEXT OUTPUT:A new constitution will be drafted 
to replace it, which is due to be 
delivered on August 21st. It will be a change that will make 
it easier for businesses and small businesses 
to find a new boss. The new constitution will be 
designed to make it easier for states to 
implement the law. It has been 
conceived by a team of seven national 
governments, led by India, the country’s 
chief executive, who are led by the president, 
Modi. The new constitution will 
also include the new government’s pre-eminence 
and the appointment of a new leader, which will 
be determined by the parliament’s four members. 

The new constitution will also make it easier to take 
charge of the finance ministry, which is set to be led by a 
president from the new government, and the prime minis- 
ter, Narendra Modi. The prime minister, Narendra Modi, 
has been running India since 2014, and has been 
promising to build an economy bigger than the country’s 
countries. The new constitution will be a change of course that will 
give the new government much less power than it did in the past. 

But the new government will not be governed by the 
same political winds. As part of a new pact, it will 
allow the government to appoint a new chief executive, the 
prime minister, who will be appointed by a parliamentary assembly, and a 
new president, who will be chosen by a Supreme Court. 

The new government will also provide finance 
ministers with the power to run the country. It will 
also provide the finance ministry with the power to 
be the finance ministry’s chief executive, who will be 
appointed by a lower house of parliament. 

It is not clear how much power the new government will have. It 
will have to keep the prime minister, who will preside over the 
country’s finance ministry, but also to steer the economy and 
the economy’s finance ministry towards the government’s core goal. 

To that end, it will be able to impose on the new government 
the rules it has long had to abide by. As part of the deal, the government 
will provide a new national finance minister, the new president, the finance 
minister, the finance minister and the finance minister, who will be appointed by a 
higher house of parliament. 

The new government will also provide the finance ministry with the power 
to run the country, and it will also provide the finance ministry with the powers 
to run the economy. 

But in order to do that, it will need a new government. It will 
need to appoint an independent finance minister, a new 
minister of finance, the finance minister, the finance minister and the finance 
minister, the finance minister’s finance minister, the finance minister’s finance 
ministry, and the finance minister’s finance minister, the finance 
minister’s finance minister, the finance minister’s finance 
minister, the finance minister's finance minister, the finance min- 
ister, the finance minister’s finance minister and the finance 
minister’s finance minister, the finance minister’s finance 
minister and the finance minister’s finance minister, the finance 
minister’s finance minister, the finance minister’s finance minister and the finance 
minister’s finance minister. 

There are several other new cabinet positions in the new 
government